captains_log.md, before:

# Captain's Log, star date May 4th, 2024

(yes I know that's not the real star date today lmao)

Today I found very useful shortcuts and hotkeys, which I would like to document here.

 - to go to the end of the line in bash: we do CTRL-e. We do CTRL-a to get to the beginning
 - figured out how to set up my terminal such that I can do a google query from my terminal and felt like such a boss.

over the next few work sessions on this I'm gonna try to have the discipline to look up the solution to a hot-key related pain point any time I find myself being frustrated about having to switch windows and possibly lose focus, you know?

"the key to goodness is sustainability" < -- I agree with this.

I think this totally helps me study for technicals and for goals.

	***

Star date May 5th


I think I need more of platform or opportunity to explore this concept of optimizing for human-readable, logic maintanable stuff.

I wonder if I should apply for a grant or something. That would be pretty interesting. 

Yo, tonight, let's finish "you've got mail". 

I find those 90's movies so comforting and interesting 
because I love seeing the kind of thing my parents would have loved at my age. 

I fucking love seeing anything that reminds of what my antepasados went through.

Okay, action items: 

	[] learn more about obsidian
	[] read through the features of iTerm
	[x] log into threads on my laptop so I can encourage my brain and body to transition to desktop mode in the morning.

Wow, does opening a git diff actually open a vim window?


Start Date may 6th

I still really want to continue diving into a terminal-first mindset, but I need to kind of come up with a hello world example for Juan to rep out

I want to do this in a jupyter notebook probably, that's the easiest thing in my opinion.

Ugh somehow installing a theme seems to have broken juptyer, so that sucks. I should probably uninstall it. Do that tomorrow 


Monday 
I need to set up a virtual environment, and I need to rep my vim hotkeys/set up vim in general, but I am in the middle of trying to fix my issue with the jupyter theme so I need to figure out how to prioritize so I don't get distracted or get discouraged from changing tracks

Update: I toggled on a python 3 virtual environment using my alias'd "envplz" terminal command and
that solved the issue. There's definitely a lesson here in "sometimes the work you don't want to do 
ends up being the exact work you *need* to do"  but I refuse to acknowledge it lol.

Use your hotkeys!!!!!!!!!! Skip to the end of the line in vim by hitting escape and pressing $

Viva the command line revolution 


Saturday

lucked out and got a super awesome monitor today. Wondering if maybe I should switch to my 60% mechanical keyboard, or if the magic keyboard should be the go to just for convenience sake. One thing, either way: I think I need to make this desk a little bit more stable. Then let's put the webcam on top of this giant monitor.

Do I still own a webcam? I feel like I do

update! I do own a webcam, and this set up is actually working out quite well. Tomorrow morning when I have natural daylight, I'm going to try to make a few short videos. I have a start! I'm excited. 

I'm just going to pretend that nerding out about computer science is my job

Commit message:

I still need to debug the notebook I just introduced, but my mouse died while I was working, so I guess that enforces the need fora  break. In general I try not to commit broken code but if I had to pick one, I'd rather enforce the habit of version control push *every time* I step away -- right now, I'm more interested in setting good habits for myself and others. Also, I dont' have any CI/CD constraints right now so the broken code thing isn't as much a negative impact

captains_log.md, after:

# Captain's Log, star date May 4th, 2024

(yes I know that's not the real star date today lmao)

Today I found very useful shortcuts and hotkeys, which I would like to document here.

 - to go to the end of the line in bash: we do CTRL-e. We do CTRL-a to get to the beginning
 - figured out how to set up my terminal such that I can do a google query from my terminal and felt like such a boss.

over the next few work sessions on this I'm gonna try to have the discipline to look up the solution to a hot-key related pain point any time I find myself being frustrated about having to switch windows and possibly lose focus, you know?

"the key to goodness is sustainability" < -- I agree with this.

I think this totally helps me study for technicals and for goals.

	***

Star date May 5th


I think I need more of platform or opportunity to explore this concept of optimizing for human-readable, logic maintanable stuff.

I wonder if I should apply for a grant or something. That would be pretty interesting. 

Yo, tonight, let's finish "you've got mail". 

I find those 90's movies so comforting and interesting 
because I love seeing the kind of thing my parents would have loved at my age. 

I fucking love seeing anything that reminds of what my antepasados went through.

Okay, action items: 

	[] learn more about obsidian
	[] read through the features of iTerm
	[x] log into threads on my laptop so I can encourage my brain and body to transition to desktop mode in the morning.

Wow, does opening a git diff actually open a vim window?


Start Date may 6th

I still really want to continue diving into a terminal-first mindset, but I need to kind of come up with a hello world example for Juan to rep out

I want to do this in a jupyter notebook probably, that's the easiest thing in my opinion.

Ugh somehow installing a theme seems to have broken juptyer, so that sucks. I should probably uninstall it. Do that tomorrow 


Monday 
I need to set up a virtual environment, and I need to rep my vim hotkeys/set up vim in general, but I am in the middle of trying to fix my issue with the jupyter theme so I need to figure out how to prioritize so I don't get distracted or get discouraged from changing tracks

Update: I toggled on a python 3 virtual environment using my alias'd "envplz" terminal command and
that solved the issue. There's definitely a lesson here in "sometimes the work you don't want to do 
ends up being the exact work you *need* to do"  but I refuse to acknowledge it lol.

Use your hotkeys!!!!!!!!!! Skip to the end of the line in vim by hitting escape and pressing $

Viva the command line revolution 


Saturday

lucked out and got a super awesome monitor today. Wondering if maybe I should switch to my 60% mechanical keyboard, or if the magic keyboard should be the go to just for convenience sake. One thing, either way: I think I need to make this desk a little bit more stable. Then let's put the webcam on top of this giant monitor.

Do I still own a webcam? I feel like I do

update! I do own a webcam, and this set up is actually working out quite well. Tomorrow morning when I have natural daylight, I'm going to try to make a few short videos. I have a start! I'm excited. 

I'm just going to pretend that nerding out about computer science is my job.

I need to figure out the issue of leaving off excess requirements so that when I actually do my pip freeze into a requirements.txt file, it won't just add a bajillion things.

Actually this is a good idea for the next thing to focus on for this project in general. Let's set up a docker container for this training program project. The Docker container should, among other things, install stuff like homebrew and set my jupyter and vim configurations, and it should have cowsay invovled just for fun. 

IN THE BEGINNING, GOD MADE THE COMMAND LINE lol
